---
title: "Privacy Policy"
meta_title: ""
description: "We are committed to ensuring your privacy and the legal use of your personal data, both on our website and platform."
date: 2024-05-22T05:00:00Z
draft: false
---

### Introduction

We are committed to ensuring your privacy and the legal use of your personal data. This Privacy Policy applies to our website and platform (collectively, the 'Services'). We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully before using any of the Services.

By using Tramitit you agree to the collection, use, and processing of information in accordance with this policy.

### Interpretation and Definitions

#### Interpretation

Words with capitalized initial letters have defined meanings under the following conditions. These definitions have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or plural forms.

#### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- **Tramitit** (referred to as either "Tramitit", "We", "Us", or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to tramitit.com.

- **Account** means a unique account created for you to access our service.
- **Affiliate** means an entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest, or other securities entitled to vote for the election of directors or other managing authority.
- **Cookies** are small files placed on your device (computer, mobile device, or any other device) by a website, containing details of your browsing history on that website.
- **Country** refers to Spain.
- **Device** means any device that can access the service such as a computer, cellphone, or digital tablet.
- **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
- **Service** refers to the website.
- **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of Tramitit. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by Tramitit to facilitate the service, provide the service on behalf of Tramitit, perform services related to the service, or assist Tramitit in analyzing how the service is used.
- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, generated by the use of the service or from the service infrastructure (e.g., duration of a page visit).
- **Website** refers to tramitit.com, accessible from [tramitit.com](https://tramitit.com/).
- **You** means the individual accessing or using the service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the service.

### Data Collection and Usage

We do not collect any personal information from users of our Services.

#### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service. This may include information such as your device's Internet Protocol address (e.g., IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other diagnostic data.

We do not make automated decisions using your data. We do not use any profiling tools or systems to process your data and make decisions based on profiling.

#### Tracking Technologies and Cookies

We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain information. These technologies are used to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.

#### Usage of Google Analytics

Tramitit uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your device, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website, including your IP address, will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.

**Purpose and Scope:**

- **Analysis:** Google will use this information to evaluate your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.

- **Data Sharing:** Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf.
- **IP Anonymization:** We have activated IP anonymization on Tramitit, meaning that Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.

**User Options:**

- **Opt-Out:** You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of Tramitit.

- **Browser Add-On:** Additionally, you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under [Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/).

### Compliance with Local and International Laws

This Privacy Policy is also designed to comply with local data protection laws in Spain and the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). You have the right to be informed about the processing of your personal data (e.g., for what purposes, what type of data, to whom it is communicated, retention periods, and any third-party sources from which it was obtained). We undertake to respect the confidentiality of your Personal Data and to guarantee your rights. You may exercise your rights by contacting us.

As per the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the Organic Law 3/2018, of December 5, on Personal Data Protection and guarantee of digital rights, Tramitit is the data controller responsible for your personal data. Our strategic decisions regarding the purposes and means of processing personal data are made by our team in Spain. You can contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO) at hey@tramitit.com.

### Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and become aware that your child under the age of 13 has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us.

### Links to Other Websites

While we try to include only links to websites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content, security, or privacy practices employed by other sites. A link does not constitute an endorsement of their website.

### Cookies Policy

#### What Are Cookies

Cookies are small text files that are used to store small pieces of information. They are stored on your device when the website is loaded on your browser. These cookies help us make the website function properly, make the website more secure, provide a better user experience, and understand how the website performs and to analyze what works and where it needs improvement.

#### Managing Cookies

You can manage your preferences for cookies directly from within your own browser and prevent – for example – third parties from installing cookies. Through browser preferences, it is also possible to delete cookies installed in the past, including the cookies that may have saved the initial consent for the installation of cookies by this website.

Please note that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Therefore, it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.

### Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page and updating the "Last updated" date. If significant, updates to our Privacy Policy will be communicated through a direct notification to users via email.

### Contact Us

For general inquiries about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at hey@tramitit.com. For specific queries related to your personal data or to exercise your rights, please contact our Data Protection Officer at hey@tramitit.com.
